So strings, indices, methods, and random numbers and math object

Much of the code I imagine will be in the console again unfortunately.

Strings: Is how de show JS letters as letters. They must be wrapped in quation marks, double or single it doesnt matter (as longas theyre both of the same type)
    You can use alternative quotations if you need a quote within a textular field.

    Strings are indexable - If a word is 4 letters long like "word" the w is the 0th letter while d is the 3rd character
    word[2] would give us 'r'. 

This is very much review from my python experience.

    All strings have the length property
        word.length = 4 (this is the total number of characters not the index)

    Concatination you can add strings together with the + which gives us one string

    when you add a number to a string JS will try and conceptualize them together because you cannot
        add a number to a string. so 1 + "ajaj" will be "1ajaj" and have the typeOf string.

        a good example of this mistake is
        
            year = "1998"
            let newYear = year + 1;

            which gives us: "19981" not "1999"

String Methods!
    The instructor defines this as "Pokemon special moves... although all strings can do these"
        which is very silly to think about. There are many, many, methods, far too many to type out. 
        but the idea is the same.

        .length is a good example wwe have seen.

        A Method is an action that is built in that can be done on a string.

        syntax is string.method()

            the parentheses specifically execute a method. Without the parentheses you are accessing a property
                so .length was a bad example. A better example is

                string.toUpperCase()
        
            there are destructive and nondestructive methods.
                Nondestructive leaves our original version
            
            Youc an add methods to the same string by just adding them on the string
                string.trim().toUpperCase()
                    it works left to right

    Arguments - are inputs we can pass into methods to do a particular thing.
        abcdzf.indexOf('z')
            will return 4

            although this will retun the first first occurance of it so it wont show all


            slice()

    Back ticks are very important - anything inside of a backtick quote ` hello ${1+3}'
        will be done as JS. so I would get " hello 4"

        